feat: rename MatrixAlgebra to MatrixRing (#1574)
Nemocas/AbstractAlgebra.jl: docs/src/matrix.md

hierarchy. This functionality will work for any matrix type which
follows the Matrix interface.

> Similarly, AbstractAlgebra.jl provides a module in `src/matrix_ring.jl` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, AbstractAlgebra.jl provides a module in `src/MatrixAlgebra.jl` for
```

`src/generic/Matrix.jl`.

Generic matrix algebras of $m\times m$ matrices are implemented in

> `src/generic/matrix_ring.jl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`src/generic/MatrixAlgebra.jl`.
```
